welcome to slash forward in this episode
we're going to examine the horrors of
travel vlogging with the 2020
supernatural thriller
death of meat for more information on
black magic talisman that keep you on
the knife's edge between life and death
subscribe to the channel let's get to it
we open on beautiful scenes of tropical
islands off the coast of thailand where
the residents live
simple lives we also hear a radio
warning the occupants of an impending
typhoon heading their way
then christine wakes up confused and
absolutely
filthy she checks on her boo kneel who
seems to be conscious although
neither of them remember the events of
the prior evening no time to unpack this
however as they're running late for
their fairy back to the airport along
the way she wonders if neil bought her
the unusual pendant now dangling from
her neck another confusing indicator of
wild times the pride or evening but they
have to refocus their attention as the
driver misses a turn
and they end up in an argument about
whether they're going to a ferry or a
festival the ultimate result involves
the taxi driver booting them from the
car
so they have to hoof it to the dock and
even neil's thick ass makes it before
the
boat leaves but they find their carry-on
bags do not contain their passports
nor christine's phone the clerk denies
access but reassures them that they have
time to find their documents as another
fairy won't be along until 7pm
and also not to worry about the incoming
storm the island hasn't been hit by a
typhoon in over 200 years
making it impossible to happen now but
they do have to wait it out without
their luggage
which did make it onto the boat and is
now floating across the inlet
guys what is going on here unfortunately
when they get back to their airbnb
the passports and phone are nowhere to
be found while christine stresses neil
tries to reassure her that they'll just
hit the embassy on the mainland
after boarding the boat that previously
denied them passage due to a lack of id
it's all good christine takes a moment
to find her center clarity and then
returns to neil searching his phone for
any photos that may indicate what went
down the prior evening
the photos demonstrate things turned
frat-like very quickly but they remember
all that and then they open a two and a
half hour video neil shot
they definitely don't remember they play
it to find neil vlogging their drinking
tour across the island
which took them to an off the beaten
path location where they imbibed a
magical island drink
we also witnessed christine acquiring
the talisman of good health
very quickly they observe themselves
struggling against the drink's influence
as local islanders look on the video
then helps us out by glitching its way
through the boring stuff so it can get
us to the good stuff
our two lovebirds screaming like beasts
in someone's front yard
in his zeal neil ends up snapping
christine's delicate bird-like neck and
rolling her lifeless body into a shallow
grave
a bit of a surreal turn of events upset
by her apparent murder
christine retires to the bathroom where
she finds evidence of her throttling
she takes off her pendant and almost
immediately starts barfing up astroturf
and then neal notes that her skin
is frigid at this incredibly inopportune
moment the homeowners then return
they take a breather by the shore as the
house is cleaned up and the talisman is
returned to christine
given their situation samantha offers to
let them stay while they sort out
christine's medical issues
at the local minute clinic the doctor
gives her a once-over resulting in a
thumbs-up but then she asks him about
puking up dirt and it's suggested that
she ingested naman pride
a buddhist drink that causes
hallucinations since he thinks he's so
smart and skeptical they show him the
murder video to see what he thinks of
that
and then he hooks her up with some meds
as she begins to actively hallucinate
they take a walk on the beach where neil
decides he's not on board anymore with
the idea that he would have ever put
violence on her but then she
hallucinates his disappearance resulting
in more confusion about what's real or
imagined and leaving her unsure of what
to believe
so they focus instead on figuring out
how they're going to spend their
remaining time before the next ferry
they decide to grab a quick bite at a
nearby cafe while the mystery festival
previously mentioned rolls through
a grubhub driver steers longinglya
christine's pendant causing her to take
it off again as a travel journalist neil
runs off with an aura of childlike
wonder to document the parade's
lackluster appeal from within its ranks
meanwhile christine becomes almost
instantly sick after discarding the
necklace
and ends up in the bathroom where she
eventually discovers there was a snake
in there that was causing all them
problems
as neil continues documenting someone
grabs his phone distracting him from his
job
he catches up with the guy but only
after the video is deleted
and then he goes to find his wife who is
no longer at the table nor in the
bathroom we see that she's busy hooking
up with a coven of witches
who are preparing to inject their black
tears directly into her eyeball and she
rightly screams her way through the
procedure someone eventually tells neil
what's up and he rushes off to reunite
with his love who is left laying on the
sidewalk with an arm injury now
after getting it wrapped up she recounts
the tale of the faceless women and neil
shows her a festival float adorned with
her visage
then christine notices the bartender and
gives chase ending up in a tattoo parlor
where she's thanked by a burly bear man
they learn from the tattooist that her
necklace is considered a special gift
for an honored guest of the island but
she declines to be less cryptic than
that
when neal drops a few bennies the most
she does is direct them back to the
small village where they had drinks the
prior night their arrival puts a pause
in the festivities but they proceed
anyway
when they catch up with the hostess she
willingly returns neil's passport to him
but still claims to not have christine's
then they have an argument about why she
served them the tainted drink and
whether or not they requested it
ah and then the townsfolk are back
annoyed that everyone talks and riddles
around here they go ahead and head out
when they get back to the house we learn
neil is hooked up with a neighbor who
has a boat and is willing to take them
to the mainland we also learn that
samantha came to the island
because she's really into the local
folklore but despite her enthusiasm she
refuses the pendant
then as the boat preparations are
underway christine wanders off to try to
get reception on the phone
neil enamored with the intricate art of
gutting fish decides that he wants to
take up this new hobby but instead of
ruining another man's fish he practices
first on himself
a smart move after he falls into the
water christine peers over the edge of
the dock
in a way that you just know she's laying
in a pile of guts right now
she then dreams they're chilling on a
beach only to wake up on a bench
when she comes too the water has receded
and there's no body she tells a
fantastical story to the authorities but
the fisherman from the dock only vouches
for seeing her there
not neil despite all the gaslighting
samantha at least
seems somewhat sympathetic to her and
demonstrates clear concern for her
hydration levels then christine dreams
again that neil is faced down in the mud
so she runs to him but when she arrives
he's been replaced by some nasty hoes
who disappear when samantha calls out to
let christine know that she is neil on
the phone
unfortunately the reception is too bad
and she's not able to hear anything or
even confirm he was ever there despite
this she now says she has a good idea of
what's going on and where neil is
located
so she runs off to find him in a car
along the way we hear more warnings of
the typhoon which
everyone seems to be fairly cavalier
about she gets a warning from samantha
about choosing her actions wisely and
then she heads right on
in and up calling out for neil all she
finds is a ringing phone which initiates
another hallucination of the faceless
ladies of whom she not only has the
audacity
to ask a question which is rude
considering but then she takes it upon
herself to tug at their stitches
then she wakes up on samantha's couch
with no memory you don't remember
yeah that's kind of her thing you didn't
figure that out by now
you don't remember no she does not she
investigates her body while flashing
back to a special ritual where they
appear to have introduced some sort of
critter
into her cooter then she recognizes
finally that her bouts of illness come
whenever she takes off the necklace
samantha then reveals that neil showed
her the murder video and then he took
off in the hope that this would ensure
christine's safety she then escorts
christine to the island doctor to help
her with her sickness
the diagnosis is pregnancy sam
congratulates her while the tattoo
artist violates her
hipaa rights they proceed with an
ultrasound to convince her but a power
surge sends her running into the streets
where the storm sirens begin to sound
and the police officer tells her that
she needs to leave the area
she goes to meet up with the tattoo
artist to get any final details that we
need to wrap up this movie and we learn
that she was actually killed and now
occupies the spirit realm with the
necklace keeping her in balance between
life and death
she was then impregnated to fulfill a
ritual in which the island has ensured
safety by sacrificing a pregnant lady
this is how they've avoided storms for
200 years
she's helping her now because she's
hoping that when she is done with it
christine may let her ill son hold on to
that townsmen of health but before
christine can finalize the details of
getting help off the island the doctor
shows up and when christine emerges she
finds he's compelled the artist into
some sort of
indelicate tattooing procedure christine
then takes off running but finds the
citizens of the island to be unhelpful
luckily samantha arrives clad in her
ceremonial vestments
to drive christine to the fury but her
stupid daughter
mommy she knows gives away the game
samantha reveals that the key is to
fully believe in the island's magic
that's how she cured herself for the
cancer and how christine got pregnant
despite being told it was impossible for
her she then confirms that neil is
in fact fully dead so christine buckles
up and decides to do a little test
of whether or not the island can heal a
bullet to the face and it appears that
it cannot
she then runs into the woods until
swooped up by the island cultists who
deposit her at the prime spot for
maximizing magical impact
she wakes up after nightfall and finds
they've all been eagerly awaiting her
arrival
very thankful for her willingness to
sacrifice herself for their continued
safety then they get to ritualizing
which mostly involves staring at her
then her seductor steps up and tries to
walk back the events of the day to make
it seem like this came about of
christine's own choice and free will
as is required by the magic then it's
time for the final stage of the
procedure which involves stitching her
eyeballs shut she passes out and dreams
of neil who compels her to wake back up
which she does and then demonstrates
what free will actually looks like
she's then warned that if she chooses
life for herself all the others will die
but she's not totally convinced that
this is all real possibly the downside
of instilling psychological confusion
through hallucinogens
so she runs straight out to a boat and
rides it directly into the eye of the
storm as the villagers come to send her
off from the shore
the next day we learned that this time
the only casualty of the typhoon was
this tiny island
mainly in thailand and the surrounding
areas were completely spared
this is a fact that is of no concern to
christine because they find her dead in
her life raft floating in the ocean
i have a website set up where you can
support the channel through donations or
merch i'd like to take a moment to give
a huge thanks to my donors memorialized
in the hall of head shots
death of me was a movie in which things
happened and
events transpired now this can be okay
under certain circumstances however when
you go with this format for a film
intended to be a mystery or thriller
it mostly leads to confusion and
feelings of pointlessness
if you enjoyed the video i'd love for
you to become part of the channel by
subscribing thanks for watching